[EIT-697] Documentation: improvements based on developer feedback (#227)
afterpay/sdk-ios: README.md

The Web Login is a `UIViewController` that can be presented modally over the view controller of your choosing.

> **NOTE:**

> > When creating a checkout token, both `redirectConfirmUrl` and `redirectCancelUrl` must be set. The SDK’s example merchant server sets the parameter [here](https://github.com/afterpay/sdk-example-server/blob/5781eadb25d7f5c5d872e754fdbb7214a8068008/src/routes/checkout.ts#L26-L27). See more at by checking the [api reference](https://developers.afterpay.com/afterpay-online/reference/javascript-afterpayjs#redirect-method). Failing to do so will cause undefined behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> When creating a checkout token, both `redirectConfirmUrl` and `redirectCancelUrl` must be set. Failing to do so will cause undefined behavior. The SDK’s example merchant server sets the parameters [here](https://github.com/afterpay/sdk-example-server/blob/5781eadb25d7f5c5d872e754fdbb7214a8068008/src/routes/checkout.ts#L26-L27). See more by checking the [api reference](https://developers.afterpay.com/afterpay-online/reference/javascript-afterpayjs#redirect-method).
```
